Xiaofan, no matter what, I want to thank you.
But doing business is no better than causing disease and saving lives
So you can't help me.
But I still received your kindness.
Hello Fan Ge
I took care of all the middle shareholders
As long as they have someone who dares to support
Sun Zhihui and his son
All will receive my greetings
So they will all
Stand firmly on Miss Lu's side
Got it, Fan Ge
I have another little idea. Would you like to hear it?
You say
Can Zhao Liying start now?
Since my Zhao Yue intuition does not say
Then it's up to me
Host today
The first thing we're going to vote on is
I personally think
Lu Zhaoyue is no longer suitable to be the president of Blue Cloud Group
If you agree, please remember